#Babian Stelian-Alexandru - 322CD

Homework 2, Part 1 - Energetic system


	The project statement can be found on:
	https://ocw.cs.pub.ro/courses/poo-ca-cd/teme/proiect/etapa1

	The main problem that I had with this project was to use factory design
pattern, because as far as i know, this DP is used to create object that
implements or extends an interface or an abstract class with common sense,
like a big class Car amd then specific cars, Audi, Peugeot, Mercedes,etc.
Here there are consumers and distributor which in fact they don't extend 
anything with a common sense, just some parameters. Meanwhile, doing the 
homework, I realised that I could create another factory, for the contracts:
DistribContract-contract that has data about consumers
ConsumerContract-contract that has data about the distributor 
	I have implemented Singleton DP in each factory because I realised that
there is no need of more instances of this classes because because the tests
can create new objects with the same Singleton Class.
	In this project, I believe that everything is linear, with linear actions
happening each month, so I have created methods for each action that happens
in class Action and they are called in main function.
	In the second part of the homework, I believe that I will just have to 
add more methods in the CommonFactory, to extend the class Input with more
variables to be stored and to add more actions that will happen each month.
	There are multiples javadocs that explain each function. I have to tried
to separate each single concept in multiple methods, but I would apreciate a
feedback about my content.
	I didn't know how to serialize the objectMapper to get the output without
creating new object that has just the fields that are need in the output.
I believe that there it could be more informations about this topic because
at the labs or course we didn't learn anything about this. Our main example
was precedent homework.
	It helped to check the forum to see the wanted order of the operations, 
after setting all the methods.
	The order is for new each month:
-updates
-set new prices and find the best distributor
-deletes the contract with 0 months left
-consumers get the salary
-consumers choose contract
-distributors pay taxes
-consumers pay taxex
-eliminate bankrupt distributors
Repeat
	Total time spent~20h